I said why is it so smelly?
Why are you here?
What the hell?
I'm here to participate in the national treasure conference hahaha
You come to the National Treasure Conference
Is the recovery good?
Look, there's so much blood, it's nothing
It seems that I still started lightly
Hmph, I have to thank Young Master Fang
Otherwise I will attack too
So many people.
It's a big row.
Come to the table
Ha ha.
Everyone is here
It seems that I know that I am going to take the national treasure of Haocheng
Come and celebrate for me in advance.
Thank you. Thank you.
later
Master Huang, your tone is so loud
It's a celebration before the game even starts
Grow up with me
You can't win
Is it you?
How do you know each other?
This brat tricked me into buying a dung bucket yesterday
It turns out that you are the one who spent 500,000 buying the dung bucket?
No wonder your name is Huang Xiang
Oh, Master Huang, don't worry.
You didn't suffer either.
So I heard.
Yesterday, someone poured night pearls into your dung bucket.
You make a lot of money
Hey, tell my brother who that fool is?
Hahahaha, no wonder.
Look at the entire trip
Only this fool can
What a big fool would do
The stupid soil of the night pearl is worth a word
Hey, a bunch of people who don't know the goods
Qiangliang, I should actually thank you
If not for you
How did I get such a good night pearl?
So as to win the title of Tangcheng National Treasure?
Hey Master Wang, you are so loud
One person is not talented
I had to tell him.
I have already obtained the heirloom of the Feng family
So you can't win
Wow, that's amazing.
Boss Feng has confirmed it for you.
If I had heard the news yesterday
Maybe reject you three times
But I now have the night pearl in hand
I am not afraid of anyone
Too bad any of you have
My baby is the national treasure of the voyage
What could it be that dung bucket?
I guess you're right.